https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/suraj520/car-sales-data

Car Sales Data
The dataset is useful for analyzing car sales trends over time.

  About Dataset
Car Sales Data
The "Car Sales Data" dataset is a tabular dataset that contains 2,500,000 rows of information on car sales from a car dealership over the course of a year. The dataset includes nine columns of data for each car sale. The first column, "Date," represents the date on which the car sale was made. The second column, "Salesperson," provides the name of the salesperson who made the sale. The third column, "Customer Name," provides the name of the customer who purchased the car.

The next three columns relate to the car that was sold. "Car Make" indicates the make of the car that was purchased, such as Toyota, Honda, Ford, Chevrolet, or Nissan. "Car Model" indicates the model of the car that was purchased, such as Corolla, Civic, F-150, Silverado, or Altima. "Car Year" indicates the year of the car that was purchased, ranging from 2010 to 2022.

The "Sale Price" column represents the sale price of the car in USD. The next column, "Commission Rate," indicates the commission rate paid to the salesperson on the sale, ranging from 0.05 to 0.15. Finally, the "Commission Earned" column provides the amount of commission earned by the salesperson on the sale.

This dataset is useful for analyzing car sales trends over time and evaluating the performance of individual salespeople in the dealership. It can also be used for predicting sales performance and analyzing the impact of different factors on car sales, such as car make, model, year, and salesperson performance.

Description: This dataset contains information on car sales from a car dealership over the course of a year. The dataset includes the following columns:

Date: The date of the car sale
Salesperson: The name of the salesperson who made the sale
Customer Name: The name of the customer who purchased the car
Car Make: The make of the car that was purchased
Car Model: The model of the car that was purchased
Car Year: The year of the car that was purchased
Sale Price: The sale price of the car in USD
Commission Rate: The commission rate paid to the salesperson on the sale
Commission Earned: The amount of commission earned by the salesperson on the sale
